hi I'm James this is the new samsung
wb250f and camera it's an upgrade from
the WB 500 so the design is quite
similar but it is an advanced version
the most impressive upgrade this is 24
middle ultra wide-angle lens and 10
times optical zoom it's quite incredible
how you can fit 20 formula ultra
wide-angle lens and a 10 times optical
zoom in such a small camera most cameras
this size have less than a 5 times
optical zoom so now you can take more
details or scenery more people than ever
before ok so let's have a closer look it
has 12.2 megapixels and a 3-inch LCD
screen so now you can get sharper
pictures and better easier viewing than
before it supports dual image
stabilization OIS and the advanced D is
this will help you to reduce the camera
shake and it will help you take well
exposed photos and dim conditions so now
you can take photos faster and without
the blurring the WV 550 supports ISO
3200 so you can take photos at night or
in low-light conditions if you have a wd
550 you don't need any difficult
retouching programs because you can make
artistic photos just by using the photo
style selector much easier you just
select the style photo after it is
captured in seven different ways which
are soft vivid forest retro cool calm
and classic it provides 720p HD movies
and full HD still shots so now you can
view your photos and your favorite
videos in clear sharp 720p HD h point
264 format enables you to record 10
times more than NJP EG and it supports
hdmi so now you can connect it to your
TV Saudis
Smart Auto allows you to take the
perfect photo in up to 11 different
types of sense and smart Alvin
automatically manages the contents of
your camera according to timeline
content and color if you enjoy taking
portraits you really need the WV 550 it
has the perfect portrait system you
don't even have to click the shot button
just smile and when you blink your eyes
by mistake don't worry it takes two
pictures at one time automatically and
it has a self-portrait feature so it
allows you to take more perfect shots of
yourself even if you're alone also
beauty shot makes you look younger and
more attractive recycle bin function
means that if you delete the photo it is
stored in a temporary folder so you
deleted it by accident you can retrieve
it it also has frame guy so if you ask
somebody else to take a photo of you you
can set up the composition in advance
this WB 550 is really a great camera it
has diverse manual features which are
really easily controllable in addition
to its solid basic functions with this
camera you don't even need skills you
are better than an expert